README.md, before:

# DDBJ Workflow Registry

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/442338369.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/442338369)
[![Apache License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-orange.svg?style=flat&color=important)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Workflow registry published by [DDBJ](https://www.ddbj.nig.ac.jp/) using [`ddbj/yevis-cli`](https://github.com/ddbj/yevis-cli).

A web application [`ddbj/yevis-web`](https://github.com/ddbj/yevis-web) is also available to browse the published workflows.
See **[https://ddbj.github.io/workflow-registry-browser/](https://ddbj.github.io/workflow-registry-browser/)**.

---

See the below links:

- [`ddbj/yevis-cli`](https://github.com/ddbj/yevis-cli): a CLI tool to support building and maintaining Yevis workflow registry
- [`ddbj/yevis-web`](https://github.com/ddbj/yevis-web): a web application to browse Yevis workflow registry
- [`Yevis Getting Started`](https://github.com/ddbj/yevis-cli/blob/main/docs/getting_started.md): the document for Yevis system installation and usage
- [`Yevis Getting Started Ja`](https://github.com/ddbj/yevis-cli/blob/main/docs/getting_started_ja.md): 日本語での Yevis system の使い方

## License

[Apache-2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ddbj/yevis-workflows/blob/main/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Transfer from ddbj to sapporo-wes

README.md, after:

# DDBJ Workflow Registry

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/442338369.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/442338369)
[![Apache License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-orange.svg?style=flat&color=important)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Workflow registry published by [DDBJ](https://www.ddbj.nig.ac.jp/) using [`sapporo-wes/yevis-cli`](https://github.com/sapporo-wes/yevis-cli).

A web application [`sapporo-wes/yevis-web`](https://github.com/sapporo-wes/yevis-web) is also available to browse the published workflows.
See **[https://ddbj.github.io/workflow-registry-browser/](https://ddbj.github.io/workflow-registry-browser/)**.

---

See the below links:

- [`sapporo-wes/yevis-cli`](https://github.com/sapporo-wes/yevis-cli): a CLI tool to support building and maintaining Yevis workflow registry
- [`sapporo-wes/yevis-web`](https://github.com/sapporo-wes/yevis-web): a web application to browse Yevis workflow registry
- [`Yevis Getting Started`](https://sapporo-wes.github.io/yevis-cli/getting_started): the document for Yevis system installation and usage
- [`Yevis Getting Started Ja`](https://sapporo-wes.github.io/yevis-cli/getting_started_ja): 日本語での Yevis system の使い方

## License

[Apache-2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ddbj/yevis-workflows/blob/main/LICENSE).
